# Meeting Notes 4 April 2018
- code sprint Sunday as usual
    - Frontend typescript vue
- end of summer goal:
    - Home page
    - Membership payments

## Framework options
- Frontend
    - React (will be along for a while)
        - Pros:
            - Simple
            - People in our team have experience with it
        - Cons:
            - Need to learn the entire React syntax
            - Bloated thoasand file updates
    - vue (will be along for a while) (**Selected**)
        - Pros:
            - Quicker to know
            - Dynamic
            - Increadable support for transitions
                - looks nice to sponsors
        - Cons:
            - Separet template engine
    - Express
        - Everyone uses express currently
    - Kua (**Selected**)
        - Positive:
            - Futuristic minamal version of Express
            - Can implement graphql in Kua
            - Bleeding edge
            - Better error handling through try catch
        - Cons:
- ORM
    - Sequelier
        - Pros:
            - Does everything
        - Const:
            - Big
    - ~~Typeo ORM~~
        - Const:
            - Weird Syntax
            - Builds steps on the backend
    - Objection (**Selected**)
        - Pros:
            - Easy to read
- Auth
    - Passport (**Selected**)
        - Pros:
            - googleSignon
            - Offload risk
    - Auth0
- Lang: (We want hot new languages that have industry is/will interested in
    - Babyl
    - Javascript
        - Pro:
            - Don't have to manual define the type of things.
        - Cons:
    - TypeScript (hot) (**Selected**)
        - Pros:
            - Companies are switching to type annotated languages because of
            things like VScode giving support for typeScript.
            - It makes complex projects more simple and the "compilation" step
            allows us to catch hard to debug errors.
            - Encorages more rigorous prossess and allows more documentation.
        - Const:
            - Locked into the typeScript environment.
            - Weak Babyl support
            - Abstracts a little too much like module exports. This will hurt
            our developers.
            - Ugly comilation to javascript.
            - Reallying on sourcemaps to be good when debugging.
    - Flow (hot?)
        - Pro:
            - Don't have to manual define the type of things.
